5.1.4 - release notes (#184)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/release-notes/pages/5-1-4.adoc

= 5.1.4 Release Notes
:description: These release notes list any new features, enhancements, and fixes that were made between version 5.1.3 and 5.1.4 of Hazelcast Management Center (MC).

{description}

[[enh-514]]
== Enhancements

> * Jet metrics storage stores only Jet-related metrics. [MC-1532]

Reviewer: What was the previous behavior? How does this enhancement benefit the user?

Author: `Jet metrics storage stores only Jet-related metrics leading to less memory consumption.` - is it OK?

Reviewer: So previously, we were storing unrelated metrics in Jet metrics storage? Isn't that a bug fix?

`We no longer store unrelated metrics with Jet metrics, leading to less memory consumption.`?

Author: moved to the bugfixes block

[[fixes-514]]
== Fixes

> * Fixed the disabled "Upgrade Cluster" button after successfull rolling upgrade. [MC-1569]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *Upgrade Cluster* button is no longer disabled after you upgrade your members' codebase version during a rolling upgrade. [MC-1569]
```

> * Fixed an exception on `hz-mc start`. [MC-1403]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `hz-mc start`command no longer throws ClassNotFoundException. [MC-1403]
```

> * Fixed various Hazelcast Cloud integration issues. [MC-1591]

Reviewer: Can we be more specific? It looks like the work involved a lot of work to do with Pendo integration. How does this fix affect the user?

Author: it doesn't affect the end user at all. It's just an internal Hazelcast Clout to MC integration.
